- [Instructor] To make the most of this course,
there are a few things that learners should know
like Java, Spring, and be somewhat familiar
with Linux and Git.
It's crucial that learners have a firm understanding
of Java and have used it for a couple of years.
We'll be using both Java 1.8 and Java 11.
With that said, however, the code base presented
for this series will not require extensive knowledge,
but simply following the directions.
As long as you can download the code base
you should be able to follow along.
If you're unfamiliar with Java
or need to take some courses to brush up,
then I recommend taking a look
at this course by Kathryn Hodge,
who will introduce to you the necessary
and fundamental skills to help you work
and program with Java.
The other technology that we'll be using
quite extensively is Spring and Spring Boot.
If you've not touched Spring before,
I recommend taking a look at this course by Frank Mosley
to get a more fundamental understanding
of what we'll be doing with Spring and this course.
The Spring framework and Spring Boot are very powerful APIs
to better equip you in programming with Java.
I recommend taking the time to learn them
as Spring is pretty much universally used
in Java programming shops.
The next technology will be using is Git.
You'll not need to know too much here,
as I'll be keeping all of the commands very basic,
but if you desire to learn more about Git,
then I recommend this course by Kevin Skoglund.
You might find that after we're done using Git
in this series of videos that you want to learn more
and rightly so, because Git is also one
of those fundamental technologies
that developers new need to know.
Lastly, we'll be using Linux
through VirtualBox via some Vagrant instances.
Again, we'll keep it pretty basic,
but I recommend you take a deeper dive
and learn Linux as much as you can in your careers.